# DA4.2
The database was downloaded from the WorldBank website and documents the relationship between Co2 emissions, measured in kt) and GDP per capita (constant 2017 international $). In addition, it has been taken into account the population growth across the years of all countries. The numeric variables consist of time, GDP per capita, population, and CO2 emissions, while the string variables comprise the country name and country code.
The subjects chosen were European and Central Asian with a high level of income. The time horizon extended from 1992 until the most recent year, 2019. Subsequently, geographically and demographically smaller states with a lack of data, such as the islands, have been eliminated. Subsequently, Andorra, San Marino, Liechtenstein and Greenland were eliminated as essential data on Co2 and GDP emissions were missing. 
In conclusion, the final database contained 28 nations. Defined the database I proceeded to create the related new variables including the logarithm of CO2 emissions and GDP of the countries, for analyzing logarithmic differences.



Based on the results provided, there is a positive relationship between GDP per capita and CO2 emissions per capita in the 28 European and Central Asian countries with high income. 
The use of fixed effects in first difference models provides a reasonable approximation to causality, as it accounts for time-invariant confounding variables. When fixed effects for time and countries are incorporated in the last model, a statistically significant rise in CO2 emissions is observed with an increase in GDP per capita, implying a possible causal relationship between the two variables. Nonetheless, to increase certainty, it is crucial to consider potential time-varying confounders, as the models used do not account for them.
